fix: typo and add backgroundColor clarification (#19)
ReDI-School/js-berlin-2023-spring: lesson11.md

### Example: Changing the background color

> The browser provides a value in `document.body.style.backgroundColor` of every HTML element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser provides a value in the `body.style.backgroundColor` property for every HTML element, for example `document.body.style.backgroundColor`.
```
